GSoC 2020: Extend and detail the expectations from mentors during the community bonding (#3112)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/gsoc/mentors.adoc

Mentors are expected to:

* Send a welcome message to their student within 24 hours after the projects are announced (link:https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/timeline[GSoC timeline])
* Organize your first meeting with the student, within the first week.
  Bring as many contributors as possible there, and make sure to celebrate and to discuss the next steps.
* Set the pace, establish your regular meeting times together.

> * Firm up on the main communication channels (chats or mailing lists).

Reviewer: Worth avoiding a phrasal verb?
```suggestion
* Agree on the main communication channels (chats or mailing lists).
```

>   GSoC org admins can help you to create ones if needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  GSoC org admins can help you to create communication channels if needed
```

Mentors are expected to:
* ensure that the student creates a presentation and prepares a demo
* ensure their student presents their project (presentation and demo) at a public meeting in the style of an on-line meetup.
** We record these presentations and publish them on YouTube.
* evaluate their student by comparing the student project plan with the actual code produced.

> ** There is usually great flexibility as we allow mentors and students to agree on what the expectation are in terms of features and content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** There is usually great flexibility as we allow mentors and students to agree on what the expectations are in terms of features and content.
```
